---
title: "MEDB 5507, Introduction to SAS, Module02, Homework"
authors: Steve Simon
date: Created 2021-06-13
knit: (function(inputFile, encoding) {
  rmarkdown::render(inputFile, encoding = encoding,
  output_dir = "../results", output_format = "all") }) 
---

### Assignments, due start of week 3 (week 2 during summer session)

#### Hw02a

Graded: 20 points, one point deducted if submitted late.

Take the program, [m02-5507-simon-cigarettes.sas][git1], and modify it so that

+ it has a documentation header,
+ it stores your dataset as a permanent file,
+ your output is stored as a pdf file, and
+ your data is in a file separate from the program

Include your code and your output in a single PDF file. This assignment will be graded pass/fail, but future assignments will use [this grading rubric][git2].

#### Hw02b

Graded: 20 points, one point deducted if submitted late.

Use the dataset from the previous homework assignment and answer the following questions:

Q1. What brand has the highest tar?

Q2. What brand has the lowest tar?

Q3. What is the correlation between tar and nicotine? Interpret this correlation.

Include your code and your output in a single PDF file. This assignment will use [this grading rubric][git2].

#### Hw02c

Graded: 20 points, one point deducted if submitted late.

Use the dataset from the previous homework assignment and answer the following questions:

Q4. Draw a histogram for tar, nicotine, weight, and co. Do these histograms provide evidence that the data follows a classic bell shaped curve?

Q5. Draw a scatterplot showing the relationship between tar and nicotine (tar on the x-axis, nicotine on the y-axis). Include a linear trend line. Is there a positive or negative relationship between these two variables.

Include your code and your output in a single PDF file. This assignment will use [this grading rubric][git2].

#### Discuss02

Graded: 3 points, one point deduction if submitted after the deadline.

I'd like some brief feedback to the videos you just watched. Keep it short. One or two sentences per question is fine. You can also say something briefer like "I agree with [other student]". If you found everything confusing or nothing confusing, just respond with the word "everything" or "nothing." Please don't spend more than a minute on this assignment. I just want a quick reaction.

1. What was the most important thing you learned in these videos?

2. What was the one thing that you found confusing?

3. What would you like to see covered next?

#### Quiz02

Graded: 3 points, one point deducted if submitted late.

Not yet available.


[git1]: https://github.com/pmean/introduction-to-SAS/blob/master/src/m02-5507-simon-cigarettes.sas
[git2]: https://github.com/pmean/classes/blob/master/software-engineering/src/grading-rubric.md