---
title: "MEDB 5507, Introduction to SAS, Module05, Homework"
authors: Steve Simon
date: Created 2021-05-29
knit: (function(inputFile, encoding) {
  rmarkdown::render(inputFile, encoding = encoding,
  output_dir = "../results", output_format = "all") }) 
---

### Assignments, due start of week 12

#### Hw05

Your homework assignment will use a [data set][git1] of housing prices and factors that influence the price. I originally found this data set on the DASL web site, but it has disappeared on me. A nice description of this file is on [my own website][sim1]. Add variable labels for all the variables and create value labels for the categorical variables (NE, CUST, and COR).

Q1. Do any of the variables have missing values? How many?

Q2. Calculate the mean and standard deviation for the two levels of CUST. How much more do custom built houses cost on average?

Q3. Evaluate the relationship between CUST and SQFT using a boxplot. Do custom built houses tend to be bigger?

Q4. Are custom built houses more likely to appear on corner lots? Calculate the percentages. Hint: use COR as the rows, CUST as the columns, and display row percentages.

Place both the code and the output in a single PDF file.

#### Discuss05

Graded: 3 points, one point deduction if submitted after the deadline.

I'd like some brief feedback to the videos you just watched. Keep it short. One or two sentences per question is fine. You can also say something briefer like "I agree with [other student]". If you found everything confusing or nothing confusing, just respond with the word "everything" or "nothing." Please don't spend more than a minute on this assignment. I just want a quick reaction.

1. What was the most important thing you learned in these videos?

2. What was the one thing that you found confusing?

3. What would you like to see covered next?

#### Quiz05

Graded: 3 points, one point deducted if submitted late.

Not yet available.

<!---my git--->
This information is available both in Canvas and on [my github site][thisf].

If there is a discrepancy, the Canvas site takes precedence. The [readme.md file][mygit] on my github site has links to other important files for this class.

[thisf]: https://github.com/pmean/introduction-to-sas/blob/master/modules/5507-05-hw.md
[mygit]: https://github.com/pmean/introduction-to-sas/blob/master/README.md
<!---my git--->

[git1]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pmean/introduction-to-SAS/master/data/housing.txt
[sim1]: http://www.pmean.com/00files/housing.htm

