---
title: "MEDB 5507, Introduction to SAS, Module04, Homework"
authors: Steve Simon
date: Created 2021-05-29
knit: (function(inputFile, encoding) {
  rmarkdown::render(inputFile, encoding = encoding,
  output_dir = "../results", output_format = "all") }) 
---

### Assignments, due start of week 9

#### Hw04

Graded: 20 points, one point deducted if submitted late.

The Gardasil vaccine requires three shots in order to be effective. A study conducted at Johns Hopkins looked at how often patients failed to get all three shots. They wanted to see if insurance status, age, and other factors could predict who was at greatest risk for failing to get all three shots.

The data set is available as a comma separated file with variable names in the first row. It is available on [my github site][git1]. You can find details about the dataset on the [data repository for the Journal of Statistics Education][jse1].

Q1. Display frequency counts for AgeGroup, Race, Completed, Location. Be sure to use proc format to display your frequencies using short text descriptors rather than number codes. Which category occurs most frequently for each variable?

Q2. Report which variables have missing data and how many of these values are missing.

Q3. Draw a bar chart showing the number of patients at each of the four locations. Which location has the fewest patients?

Q4. Use a crosstabulation to compare Age to AgeGroup. Hint: use Age as the rows and do not display row, column, or cell percents. Are the recodings into AgeGroup done consistently?

Q5. Create a new variable that combines the race categories into white, and non-white. Calculate the proportion of white patients at each of the four locations. What location had the greatest proportion of non-white patients? Hint: use the new white/non-white variable as the columns and compute row percents.

#### Discuss04

Graded: 3 points, one point deduction if submitted after the deadline.

I'd like some brief feedback to the videos you just watched. Keep it short. One or two sentences per question is fine. You can also say something briefer like "I agree with [other student]". If you found everything confusing or nothing confusing, just respond with the word "everything" or "nothing." Please don't spend more than a minute on this assignment. I just want a quick reaction.
1. What was the most important thing you learned in these videos?

2. What was the one thing that you found confusing?

3. What would you like to see covered next?

#### Quiz04

Graded: 3 points, one point deducted if submitted late.

<!---my git--->
This information is available both in Canvas and on [my github site][thisf].

If there is a discrepancy, the Canvas site takes precedence. The [readme.md file][mygit] on my github site has links to other important files for this class.

[thisf]: https://github.com/pmean/introduction-to-sas/blob/master/modules/5507-04-hw.md
[mygit]: https://github.com/pmean/introduction-to-sas/blob/master/README.md
<!---my git--->

[git1]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pmean/introduction-to-SAS/master/data/gardasil.csv
[jse1]: http://jse.amstat.org/v19n1/gardasil.txt
