---
title: "MEDB 5507, Introduction to SAS, Module03, Homework"
authors: Steve Simon
date: Created 2021-05-29
knit: (function(inputFile, encoding) {
  rmarkdown::render(inputFile, encoding = encoding,
  output_dir = "../results", output_format = "all") }) 
---

### Assignments, due start of week 7

#### Hw03

Graded: 3 points, one point deducted if submitted late.

Homework03.

Having reviewed these analyses, I would like
you to turn in some simple analyses that you
run on a fresh data set. This homework
assignment will be graded pass/fail.

There is a second data set on sleep in
mammals. You can find a brief description of
this data set at

--> http://www.statsci.org/data/general/sleep.html

and you can download the actual data at

--> http://www.statsci.org/data/general/sleep.txt

For every question, include the relevant SAS
output and a brief written commentary explaining
what the results mean. When you send your
answers, please include the original questions.

1. Notice that there is a huge range in body
weight. Display the information for the
smallest and the largest mammals.

2. Which variables have missing data?

3. Calculate the mean and standard deviation
for TotalSleep.

4. Draw a histogram for the BodyWt variable.
Note that this variable is highly skewed.
Re-draw the histogram on the log scale.
For exta credit, relabel the axes with values
at 0.001, 0.01, etc.

5. Calculate the ratio of BrainWt to BodyWt
and express it as a percentage. Be sure to
convert grams to kilograms (or vice versa)
before computing the ratio. What animal has
the smallest/largest ratio?

6. Do bigger animals sleep longer or live
longer? Show your results using a correlation
coefficient.

7. Do animals who have high degrees of
Predation, Exposure, or Danger sleep less?
Show your results using a plot and a trendline.

8. Place all the key results into a document
and copy the original questions and include
your own written answer along with the
appropriate supporting tables or graphs.
Do NOT submit uneditted and unannoted
SAS output. You can use any program to
prepare the output, but convert it to a PDF
format before submission. If you have any
difficulty producing a PDF document, please
talk to me.

#### Discuss03

Graded: 3 points, one point deduction if submitted after the deadline.

I'd like some brief feedback to the videos you just watched. Keep it short. One or two sentences per question is fine. You can also say something briefer like "I agree with [other student]". If you found everything confusing or nothing confusing, just respond with the word "everything" or "nothing." Please don't spend more than a minute on this assignment. I just want a quick reaction.

1. What was the most important thing you learned in these videos?

2. What was the one thing that you found confusing?

3. What would you like to see covered next?

#### Quiz03

Graded: 3 points, one point deducted if submitted late.

Not yet available.